hey whats up guys POV got a hand here
and I don't actually hunt yes this is a
commentary completely inhaling helium
hopefully I don't get too light headed
but you might be wondering how this is
possible how did you get the helium well
I won't go walmart and whoa i went to
walmart and i got some balloons three
balloons to be exact I wanted to
practice this voice so I used one of the
balloons already so that means I'm doing
this commentary with two balloons I'll
help that the balloons are gonna last
for this entire category because as you
know two are we have two balloons and
hold up
okay and the balloons were 275 each so
it's pretty expensive balloons but I
think I think it'll be worth it so
apologize for the scruff lling noise
it's like the only way I could get the
balloons to push helium into my mouth
and it's really hard to do so is it my
voice is really funny hello how long I
could be doing this board because my mom
says that my vocal cords might get
paralyzed or something because I'm
sucking in too much helium I don't know
if that's true or not but it would be
pretty weird I mean you guys would owe
me one because that would suck so bad
and you could tell that my voices oh
this is really hard to breathe I hope I
don't die oh I'm losing a helium hold up
okay so anyways um maybe I could get
girls with those boys you know because
can you just imagine me just going up
like hey baby how you doing I think the
boys could give me a girl or even though
I already have one or at least the voice
he gave me an audition for like The
Wizard of Oz or something because that'd
be pretty cool or like the Willy Wonka
little people I don't know something
that'll require little people all right
that's that's already one balloon so
maybe even though held on your bishan
for the little people let me grab his
balloon the auditions for the little
people that'd be weird because I'm like
six foot six
slow yeah oh no I'm running a tad helium
let me cut this let it blow
okay anyways do you guys watch like
scrubs I really like that show scrubs
because I sounds so weird the stress
actually owned all nine seasons of
scrubs then I bought like the entire box
set which is pretty cool because i
really like scrubs and I'm on like the
second season disc number three and
there's like twenty six discs and all
nine seasons so it's it's it's pretty
hard to do I mean hold up let me get
some more helium
as you see this counter is kind of sped
up whoa it's not on me but I'm speeding
it up because I'm running out of helium
I really hope that you guys are enjoying
this because it's really hard for me to
do and when I sound really funny so
maybe I could get like a like or
something because this is like the world
first helium inhaled commentary I think
so i'm just gonna let me that name the
video first helium commentary world's
first helium commentary so I really
helped yet you in like this video even
though like it was really short kind of
but like I shouldn't have used my third
balloon so
ah better hello I better get going and
if you guys are wondering or you're
really using balloons yes listen those
are those are balloons yeah so yeah
I really hope this wasn't for nothing
because yeah this is really hard to do
and yes stuff so I gotta go get some
oxygen so please leave a comment telling
me what you guys thought
after commentary because I thought it
was that is fucking funny oh my god did
you get high off helium I don't even
know oh now I'm completely out of helium
so hopefully my vocal cords are gonna
come back to normal and helpful yeah so
hey is this beer we gotta hunt whoa it
was get weird all right I think my voice
is getting kind of back to normal but
not really um okay I hope you guys
enjoyed the ass I sound like a kid
that's going through puberty right now
like my voice is kind of on a transition
period of small voice to deeper voice so
I think that's like hey gun oh my god I
know you're growing hairs in weird
places no but I was a fake voice so this
is really my voice right now and it's
really kind of high-pitched so I'm just
gonna keep talking maybe this video
won't be sped up maybe I'm just gonna
talk it out maybe just gonna keep
talking but yeah so comment section
below telling me what you guys thought
of this commentary this counter is
ridiculous I spent too much money on
balloons to do this and there we go my
voice is kind of back normal not really
I still sound kind of little light but
we'll see so yeah I was using the ogden
god so but let me see if I have more
helium
okay do I have any more here oh man I
don't think I do oh dang
you
yep I don't have any more sheet I don't
have any more helium so please give me a
like for that guy's I'm kind of
lightheaded right now and I think I'm
gonna go get some oxygen I'm gonna get
my brain oxygenated and yeah doesn't
sound like my vocal cords went out but
yeah I enjoyed I enjoyed doing that oh
man unique commentaries for the win I'll
bring you another unique commentary one
day keep me subscribe give me a like
peace